ALL ABOUT MACHINE LEARNING(ML) 

1.ML is the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
2.ML is a subset of AI, and consists of the more advanced techniques and models that enable computers to figure things out from the data and deliver AI applications.


Different models of machine learning :

1.Supervised learning is the machine learning task of learning a function that maps an input to an output based on example input-output pairs.
There are two types of Supervised learning problems:-
A.Classification Problems: Classification problem can be defined as the problem that brings output variable which falls just in particular categories, such as the “red” or “blue” or it could be “disease” and “no disease”.
B.Regression: A regression problem is when the output variable is a real value, such as “dollars” or it could be “weight”.

2.Unsupervised learning is that algorithm where you only have to insert/put the input data (X) and no corresponding output variables are to be put.
There are two types of Unsupervised learning problems :-
A.Clustering: A clustering is that problem which indicates what you want to discover and this helps in the inherent groupings of the data, such as grouping the customers based on their purchasing behavior.
B.Association:  An association rule is termed to be the learning problem. This is where you would be discovering the exact rules that will describe the large portions of your data. Example: People who buy X are also the one who tends to buy Y.

3. Reinforcement Learning (RL)- Now instead of telling the child which toy to put in which box, you reward the child with a ‘big hug’ when the child makes the right choice or you make a ‘sad face’ when the child makes the wrong action. Very quickly after a few iterations the child learns which toys need to go into which box — this is called Reinforcement Learning. 

#Applications of Machine Learning
1. Virtual Personal Assistants 
2. Predictions while Commuting
3. Videos Surveillance
4. Social Media Services
5. Email Spam and Malware Filtering
6. Online Customer Support
7. Search Engine Result Refining
8. Product Recommendations
9. Online Fraud Detection